feat(alerts): improved ca cert generation (#559)
cloudoperators/greenhouse-extensions: alerts/README.md

  name: global-alertmanager-configuration
```

## TLS Certificate Requirement

> In order for Prometheus installations in onboarded Greenhouse clusters to communicate with the Alertmanager component, the Ingress requires a TLS certificate for which Prometheus is configured as trusted. There are various ways in which you can generate/configure the required TLS certificate.

Reviewer: Hard to wrap it in words. Tried to make it a little bit more explanatory, especially the first sentence. 

```suggestion
Greenhouse onboarded Prometheus installations need to communicate with the Alertmanager component to enable advanced processing of alerts. The Alertmanager Ingress requires a TLS certificate to be configured and trusted by Prometheus to ensure the communication. There are various ways in which you can generate/configure the required TLS certificate.
```

  - You can use an automatically generated self-signed certificate by setting `alerts.auth.autoGenerateCert.enabled` to `true`. Helm will create a self-signed cert and a secret for you.

>   - You can use your own generated self-signed certificate by setting both `alerts.auth.autoGenerateCert.enabled` to `false`. You should provide the necessary values to `alerts.auth.certFile`, `alerts.auth.keyFile`, and `alerts.auth.caFile`.

Reviewer: what do you mean with `both` here? You are just referring to `alerts.auth.autoGenerateCert.enabled` or am I missing something?

Author: There is no second option. I'm going to remove the word `both`
```suggestion
  - You can use your own generated self-signed certificate by setting `alerts.auth.autoGenerateCert.enabled` to `false`. You should provide the necessary values to `alerts.auth.certFile`, `alerts.auth.keyFile`, and `alerts.auth.caFile`.
```
